I guess I did like a little bit of time
and if you don't throw your name in his
mouth he's like I'm sick of your shit
yeah I've just done screw this all right
all right we have two grenades we're
gonna use both of them this time I guess
I'll just keep going I should still be
one video all right this is tough man oh
my gosh no I'm gonna bring the flashes
just in case it will let me throw those
and throw the flashes in there huh
usually these things I weighed against
the flash like those head burster things
they died right away to it yeah okay
shoot Todd dodge all right good
that was good all right go to work on
these arms here I guess I'm gonna use
the handgun because I got to be too
close to the shotgun yeah you gonna work
but okay what's he doing what's he doing
right now
Geiger Nate yeah well I got a flash
you'll see if it'll let me do that
no nothing most have to be afraid I gave
it to you I meant to throw it in all
right yeah instead of throwing it in all
right
situation I feel like friendship is a
glue Oh God
dodge my promise before him maybe I just
was blind all right I have a grenade you
ever been aged I was too far away
me down yeah let's try it's off to in
there we're gonna do a tossing in yes
there you go yeah nice dogs Chris all
right all right
this little role lost on his forehead to
me that's illegal
this is just a pretty gross overall yeah
I don't even like spiders whoa we just
read it to the tower right you're naked
a grenade okay I gotta reload yes all
right dad that's you're out of grenades
that's okay
Oh see the brain
he's going to do he's like busting out
of the play are you shaking the ground
now oh I don't know look on the legs
actually work on the legs and when he
goes down shoot the brain for a break
but for now just work the legs okay
there was plus thing I got a Megan his
brains mixer alright good right now oh
he's really missing I shot him twice as
a magnum everybody's got a hope for a
grenade drop
oh shoot Oh watch out man no we're
nowhere near I'm it's good it's good
hit like televised shows you that like
you I'm ready you're screwed yeah I'm
going I gotta get to a lot more more of
these flying things
what would they drop it to Nate they
don't worry oh yeah I forgot that this
stuff yeah against you okay we go oh you
get you yeah this is a bull shit I got a
car you pick it up go ahead all right
that was like a one hit kill movie all
right we just got to get him down and on
with this been going going going just
die already
oh my god yes dad that was a I was weird
the hope for a grenade drop I know that
I usually hate hospitals like that but
they're kind of made it intense yeah
there was no wait oh now we get to keep
going down that's great
I thought that he was I thought he was
coming back second four yeah oh it's the
gill part I hope Jill is not like just
yeah it's gonna be gross I don't want to
lie I don't want to see this no Chris is
very concentrated yeah
I'll gonna throw up nothing oh my god
she's in saran wrap
oh it's empty nevermind well that's
better than her being oh it's her bitch
what did she do I just get just looking
at her I think she's a huge bitch like
she yeah she's cool he's like she's like
the leader of try sell what's up I've
been watching I've been watching videos
to catch up on and stuff so I and she
wants to how she wants to be partners
with Western Western we're interrogating
her pure modern it's kind of like I'll
tell you everything I know
do it do it right through this monitor I
got big muscles I might not be near you
but they're big yeah I bet he watches
videos people comments people like
complaining that they want views that
people would just talk right over all
the cutscenes I don't know what to
complain about kind of like I just did
alright well I got a a you got a man i
got a b got a u8 Sheva look at my actor
suit ak-47 yeah we all right guys we
just beat it that was a short chapter
but it was pretty cool pretty into it
and we're actually learning how to play
again oh sure we'll cut this video off
in next video you'll see five to Isum so
see you then people see right